add meshery to list (#178)
wmariuss/awesome-devops: README.md

- [Istio](https://istio.io/) - Connect, secure, control, and observe services.
- [Kong](https://konghq.com/) - Deliver performance needed for microservices, service mesh, and cloud native deployments.
- [Linkerd](https://github.com/linkerd/linkerd2) - Service mesh for Kubernetes and beyond.

> - [Meshery](https://meshery.io) - A cloud-native management plane that simplifies the design, deployment, and management of service meshes 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Meshery](https://meshery.io) - A cloud-native management plane that simplifies the design, deployment, and management of cloud native infrastructure.
```
